Adding HowTo page (#2)
nanos-world/docs: getting_started/HowTo.rst

How to
===============

How to download the game
************************

To be able to download the game you have to be in the testing groups or have buy the game

> #. Download itch.io launcher at this link :  https://itch.io/app

Reviewer: Put the link underlying the text
```suggestion
#. Download `itch.io <https://itch.io/app>`_ launcher
```

> #. Once you have it install , Create a Itch account

Reviewer: comma, colon and other signals are better and more correct when put just after the word:

```suggestion
#. Once you have it install, Create a Itch account
```

Before vowel (in general), uses **an** instead of **a**

```suggestion
#. Once you have it install, Create an Itch account
```

Verbal tense, and plain lowercase it visually better I think

```suggestion
#. Once you have it installed, create an Itch account
```

> #. Go on the link we gave you and add the password on it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the link we gave you and add the password on it
```

#. Congrats you have access to the itch.io private page of NanosWorld

> #. Select the client you want (Be carefull they are multiple client available during the testing phase)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the client you want (be careful! There are multiple client available during the testing phase)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #. Be carefull they are also the server file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. image:: ../images/HowToDownload.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Overview of the launcher

How to launch the game
**********************

> #. After you have download the game go into the created folder

Reviewer: Or just click "Play" on itch launcher?

#. Click on NanosWorld.exe

.. image:: ../images/HowToLaunchTheGame.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Overview of the game folder

How to join a server
********************

#. Click on the play button and select the desired server

> the server are ranked this way :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the server are ranked this way:
```

> Servername , Gamemode , Maps , server slot , ping

Reviewer: plssss no spacesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss before points
```suggestion
Server Name, GameMode, Maps, Server Slot, Ping
```

How to make a server
********************

#. After dowloading the server file

> #. Go into the server folder it will looks like this :

Reviewer: spaccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
```suggestion
#. Go into the server folder it will looks like this:
```

.. image:: ../images/HowToLaunchTheServer.png
   :width: 400
   :alt: Overview of the Server folder

> #. Press NanosworldServer.exe to launch the server .

Reviewer: spaceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee before point
```suggestion
#. Launch NanosworldServer.exe to run the server.
```

How to modify a config server file
**********************************

.. image:: ../images/HowToModifyServerConfig.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Overview of the Config file

How to add package to my server
*******************************

> Download or make gamemode and put it into the package folder in you're server

Reviewer: does the following sentence make sense?

"folder in you are server" 

folder in I am server?

two different words: "**You Are**" and "**Your**" two different meanings

as well for "**They Are**" and "**There**" two different words and completely different meanings

```suggestion
Download or make gamemode and put it into the package folder in your server
```

How to make my own package
**************************

First you will have to learn LUA to make front-end and backend or use the visual scripting tool

> You will also need to learn html,css to make the interface you want

Reviewer: correct spaces pls to do not make it amateur

```suggestion
You will also need to learn html, css to make the interface you want
```

here the freeroam package you can use as a template :

How to report a bug
*******************

If you find a bug :

> #. go on gitlab

Reviewer: add a underlying link to the gitlab so they can easily go to there

#. Create a new account if you don't have Once

> #. Find the repo call NanosWorld/Issues

Reviewer: Links, nobody will search anything

.. image:: ../images/issue.png
   :width: 200
   :alt: Repo for Issues

#. Click on it and then check the left UI and click on Issues

.. image:: ../images/issue2.png
   :width: 200
   :alt: Tab for issue

> #. Click on New issue on the right side and use the template to make you're report (don't forget to add picture and video with good explanation)

Reviewer: I am report??
```suggestion
#. Click on New Issue on the right side and use the template to make your report (don't forget to add videos and pictures if needed)
```

How to contribute to the wiki
*****************************

> #. Clone this repo here : https://github.com/nanos-world/docs

Reviewer: Underlying link and remove space before colon

> #. Download python , sphinx and sphinx-tabs

Reviewer: space space space and Underlying links on how-to and where to download

```suggestion
#. Download Python, sphinx and sphinx-tabs
```
